Add guidance on how to review a pull request (#1872)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/community/review.rst

If you are a regular contributor, please try to review a bit more than two
other pull requests for every pull request you create yourself, to make sure
that each pull request gets the attention it deserves.

1. Technical review
-------------------

Technical reviews are done by the technical review team.
This team consists of regular contributors that have a strong interest and
experience in software engineering.

Technical reviewers use the technical checklist from the
`pull request template`_ to make sure the pull request follows the standards we
would like to uphold as a community.
The technical reviewer also keeps an eye on the design and checks that no major
design changes are made without the approval from the technical lead development
team.
If needed, the technical reviewer can help with programming questions, design
questions, and other technical issues.

The technical review team can be contacted by writing
`@ESMValGroup/tech-reviewers`_ in a comment on an issue or pull request on
GitHub.

2. Scientific review
--------------------

Scientific reviews are done by the scientific review team.
This team consists of contributors that have a strong interest and

> experience in climate science.

Reviewer: This may a bit strict, we also have a few hydrology recipes.

Author: Do you have a suggestion for a better wording?

Reviewer 2: Something like Climate-related domains?

Reviewer: "climate science or related domains"?

If it is not there, copy the relevant items from the `pull request template`_.
Which items from the checklist are relevant, depends on which files are changed
in the pull request.
To see which files have changed, click the tab 'Files changed'.
To comment on specific lines of code or documentation, click the 'plus' icon
next to a line of code and write your comment.
When you are done reviewing, use the 'Review changes' button in the top right
corner to comment on, request changes to, or approve the pull request.

What if the author and reviewer disagree?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When the author and the reviewer of a pull request have difficulty agreeing
on what needs to be done before the pull request can be approved, it is usually
both more pleasant and more efficient to schedule a meeting or co-working
session, for example using `Google meet`_ or `Jitsi meet`_.

When reviewing a pull request, try to refrain from making changes to the pull
request yourself, unless the author specifically agrees to those changes, as
this could potentially be perceived as offensive.

If talking about the pull requests in a meeting still does not resolve the

> disagreement, ask other members of the `@ESMValGroup/esmvaltool-coreteam`_ for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disagreement, ask a member of the `@ESMValGroup/esmvaltool-coreteam`_ for
```
